The Collaborative Cloud Applet is divided vertically into three zones on the screen:
DATA/OPTIONS/DESIGN (LEFT), VISUALIZATION (Middle), and ATTRIBUTES (Right).

%DATA [Left Top]

On the left there are four text input fields where you can enter in your information 
(please note, your last name and email will NOT be made public).

%OPTIONS [Left Middle]

Below the text input fields are several buttons which control the functionality of the interface:

SUBMIT:  When you are done designing your piece, click this to upload your design to the server.

PREVIEW:  Click this to view a preview of what your fabrication file will look like.

RESET:  Click this to return to the default configuration.

RANDOM:  Click this to generate a random piece.

LOAD:  To load a design from the server, enter your e-mail in the intput field and click this.

EXPORT:  (Not enabled on the web interface) Click this to write a PDF of the piece you design.

INFO:  Click to read about the Collaborative Cloud Project.

HELP:  Click to reach this help screen.

ROTATE:  Toggle this checkbox to affect the rotation of the visualization.

SHADING:  There are three modes of shading: Wireframe, Sketch, and Shaded (default). Click on the
different shading modes to change the way the design is visualized.  

%DESIGN [Left Bottom]

On the bottom left of the applet you will find an area where you can design your piece. There are
three control points which you can use to freely design. Hover your mouse over one of the control 
points and you will see cross-hairs apprear. 

With a left-click and drag you can move the control points. 

The middle control point moves diagonally, while the other two control points are limited to the 
regions marked in red. To maximize the design area, click on the button next to SHAPE.

%VISUALIZATON [Middle]

In this middle area you will see the updates to your design.  By default your design is rotating.  
To change this, toggle the ROTATE option on the left hand side of the interface. Clicking and 
dragging any of the mouse buttons will allow you to rotate the view of the design. Using the scroll 
wheel of your mouse, you can zoom in and out.

%DESIGN ATTRIBUTES [Right]

The right area of the applet serves as a way to control the numberof legs in the design as well as 
the material from which your design will be cut (concept).  

There are three intersecting planes which make up the design (Plane A, B and C). Each of these 
planes can have 1-4 legs. To turn legs on or off, click on the square adjacent to the leg.

To control the materials from which your design will be fabricated, click on the button next to 
'material' on the top left of each plane.

